---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "hush_secret_store Data Source - terraform-provider-hush"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Use this data source to read information about an existing Hush Security secret store.
---

# hush_secret_store (Data Source)

Use this data source to read information about an existing Hush Security secret store.

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "hush_secret_store" "example" {
  name = "prod-aws"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `id` (String) The unique identifier of the secret store
- `name` (String) The name of the secret store

### Read-Only

- `aws_sm` (List of Object) Configuration for an AWS Secrets Manager backend. Immutable: changing it forces a new secret store. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--aws_sm))
- `aws_ssm` (List of Object) Configuration for an AWS SSM Parameter Store backend. Immutable: changing it forces a new secret store. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--aws_ssm))
- `deployment_ids` (List of String) List of deployment IDs this secret store is associated with
- `description` (String) The description of the secret store
- `gcp_sm` (List of Object) Configuration for a GCP Secret Manager backend. Immutable: changing it forces a new secret store. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--gcp_sm))
- `k8s_secrets` (List of Object) Configuration for a Kubernetes Secrets backend. Immutable: changing it forces a new secret store. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--k8s_secrets))
- `status` (String) The aggregate status of the secret store across its deployments (pending, ready, warning, error)
- `status_detail` (String) Detail of the worst deployment status

<a id="nestedatt--aws_sm"></a>
### Nested Schema for `aws_sm`

Read-Only:

- `kms_key_id` (String)
- `prefix` (String)
- `region` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--aws_ssm"></a>
### Nested Schema for `aws_ssm`

Read-Only:

- `kms_key_id` (String)
- `prefix` (String)
- `region` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--gcp_sm"></a>
### Nested Schema for `gcp_sm`

Read-Only:

- `prefix` (String)
- `project_id` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--k8s_secrets"></a>
### Nested Schema for `k8s_secrets`

Read-Only:

- `namespace` (String)
- `prefix` (String)
